# Reflection

Respond to each of the questions below with a carefully thought out reflection on the assignment.

## Question 1
#### In this assignment, we used your user input to construct a small website composed of flipping cards. Can you think of a more interesting use for this basic layout? The use you describe should serve some pedagogical or research-oriented purpose for historians or humanists

The system of creating a "trading card" of information, which is then assembled into a virtual flip card "book" based on a subject, holds potential for a variety of tasks and archives that historians or humanists may be interested in creating. For example, a historian of medicine may choose to create a website featuring cards wherein each focuses on a historical disease. This basic layout, essentially, can serve as an infrastructure to share information that may be more directly applicable to any subject, so long as the subject matter can be rendered into basic "bites" of information. Such a platform would definitely hold a pedagogical/research-oriented purpose for historians or humanists, because it would provide a centralized location that can afford both (a) a brief overview of the subsections of the topic and (b) links to locations with more in-depth information. To return to the original example, such an archive would have the potential to gather information on various historical diseases, which would be accessible by researchers as a "starting point," given the brevity of the information provided in the cards, coupled with the external linked files.

## Question 2
#### This assignment asks you all to perform a certian amount of work (describing yourselves) in order to improve a project (the course roster website). What responsibilities does the "researcher" (in this case, your teacher) have to the participants (you)? What rights do or should the participants have to the end product? 

This project highlights issues to do with the ethicality of information sharing. Each "card" (student profile) contains potentially sensitive information, including contact and personal details that might lead an unethical researcher to coerce or blackmail that individual, based on the sensitivity of the info in combination with the creativity of the researcher in utilizing that information. As a result, the researcher holds responsibilities that includes: confidential management of information, appropriate security on their own accounts, and privacy settings to prevent the virtual sharing of the information. The end product (the website) would be required to uphold those responsibilities, thus only releasing information as permitted by the participants. However, the participants themselves likely do not have a right to police that information, as long as the previously agreed upon terms re:information  distribution are upheld. Essentially, we (the participants) have willingly divested this information, by enrolling in the course and then committing the information to the website. We therefore have agreeed to allow our information to become accessible to the researcher, and as a result, waive our rights to this information so long as it is not abused or used in a way that harms us.

## Question 3
#### Information in each student record was provided as a series of "fields", that is, discrete units of information separated from each other. In the use you describe above, what fields would you need to provide for each record? Can you think of any limitations or obstacles that the use of this kind of data structure imposes on your project?

To create a website on the history of medicine, with a focus on diseases, the most sophisticated (elaborate) version of the cards would include fields like: diagnosis, symptoms, effects, vectors, location of infections, historical statistics, and current statistics (if applicable). By categorizing these factors, it may be difficult for the researcher to understand how they affect each other. For example, how vectors managed to bring a disease from Europe to North America, which would require an understanding of 3 factors: historical statistics, vectors, **and** the location of infections. Thus, the structure of these flip cards is such that only very basic information can really be gleaned from them, as the more complex relationships between the various factors would not be obvious with just the "trading card." This would be the rationale for using this archive to link to other articles, to provide further background and elaboration based on scholarly sources located and linked by  participants for researchers.